# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [unreleased]

### 🚀 Features

- Init project.
- Add sample env file.
- Add celery.
- Add base github client with repository and issue clients.
- Add tests for GithubResponse and custom exception.
- Add django-simple-history to store historical records.
- Add django-simple-history to store historical records.
- *(user)* Add user app inherited by base user models.
- *(auth)* Add user-repository follow model.
- Add transformer functions and dataclasses for github models.
- [**breaking**] Add new endpoints for repository, issue and comments.
- Add drf_spectacular and update project structure.
- [**breaking**] Add follow views.
- [**breaking**] Remove unnecessary body submodel.
- *(celery)* Add celery Issue and Comment checkers/adapters.
- Add mailhog and update celery tasks with send mail function.
- *(urls)* Add brand new api root view.
- *(changelog)* Add CHANGELOG.md
- *(celery)* Add bulk create/update to sync tasks for history models.
- *(history)* Add history views.

### 🐛 Bug Fixes

- *(Repository)* Add filter to avoid overlapping.
- *(dataclasses)* Change date field types from datetime to str because they are str.
- *(celery)* Fix celery schedule env key name.
- *(ci)* Update django.yml
- *(test)* Fix viewname parameters which the reverse function is used.

### 🚜 Refactor

- Make github token as optional.
- Remove unneded datetime field from Body model.
- Update dataclasses structure.
- Make github views more generic and useful.
- *(urls)* Update url structure and usage.
- *(github views)* Update github views and fix their tests.

### 🧪 Testing

- *(github_views)* Fix broken tests.

### ⚙️ Miscellaneous Tasks

- Add django-stubs, mypy and some tools to write code easier and better.
- Add test base with pytest.
- Update test database and add some tests.
- Add factory boy to write tests better.
- Add isort and black packages to improve development passion in local.
- Add debug_toolbar and nested_router packages.
- Add drf stub and update mypy.
- Add celery flower.
- *(ci)* Create django.yml
- *(ci)* Update action yml and add paralell pytest.
- *(ci)* Update docker file for actions.
- *(ci)* Update tests.yml actions file.
- *(ci)* Update tests.yml actions file.
- *(ApiRootView)* Update api root view and add its tests.
- *(changelog)* Update CHANGELOG.md
- *(readme)* Update README.md

<!-- generated by git-cliff -->
